---
layout: post
title: Ancient Hunters of The North - Building Pyria's Legends
---

Today was one of those days where we managed to carve out a little time to bring Pyria closer to reality. Even though it was a busy day for both of us, we found a way to make progress, and it felt great to see things come together.

We started early, eager to tackle what we could before the day got away from us. In the morning, Ele focused on updating our timeline and preparing some posts for social media. She also decorated our cozy home office for Lunar New Year 🐍 tomorrow and even set up a quick "company photo op" for our GDC badges during lunch. Kay set up a plan for adding new NPC types after work using the tool built yesterday.

Kay had a late workday but still found time to add the new batch of NPCs. These characters came from the Polygon Fantasy content pack so they needed some different animations, but the process was quick and seamless—except for one small bug. But we design our tools to be edited and debugged as they grow, so it was pleasantly easy to find, fix and test the issue in isolation before finishing the content pack configuration.

In another win for our tools-first approach, Gi logged in earlier than we did and, without any training, created several NPCs using the tool! That was a huge confidence boost and a reminder that the small steps we’re taking to build solid tools now will pay off in a big way later.

Check out our TikTok or Instagram for more updates!
